Liu Shang, what happened to Shui Mengyu?
This is just an equity occasion. Li Fei and the others can't stop us from doing official business now.
I've had people play wind songs. For sale is an original frame that is almost abandoned.
You want to sell in a box. The funds in their hands.
I don't want their money. I want Li Fei dead.
No wonder, I asked him why he suddenly wanted to buy a frame.
It turns out you arranged it early in the morning.
It seems that this time you are determined to kill Li Fei.
That's right, only Li Fei died,
Only then can I feel at ease. Last time, he was allowed to escape through false pretense.
No, I'll let him die this time
Our brother
We don't have any countermeasures now
If we keep eating like this, we will go bankrupt.
Tianmei currently has a lot of inventory
Enough to run our company for one year
Join me tomorrow for another trip.
The matter of the original frame was settled.
You want to buy the original frame
Which one needs a hundred and eleven funds?
Now we don't have all the liquidity
I simply can't afford the original